Dawn/learn index (#290)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: learn/index.md

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Token Bridge**

    ---

    - Use Wormhole deployed contracts to simplify development
    - Multichain token transfers through lock-and-mint-mechanism
    - Option to include message payload for uses like social platforms
    
    [:custom-arrow: Learn about Token Bridge](/docs/learn/transfers/token-bridge/)

</div>

### Native Tokens

Eliminate wrapped assets to preserve your token's native properties across chains.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Native Token Transfers**

    ---

    - Deploy custom smart contracts to retain token ownership and upgrade authority with complete customizability
    - No wrapped tokens or liquidity pools to avoid slippage and MEV risk
    - Custom attestation is available by adding external verifiers

    [:custom-arrow: Learn about Native Token Transfers](/docs/learn/transfers/native-token-transfers/)

</div>

### Intent-Based Transfers

Institutional-scale digital asset settlement for individual users and insitutions.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

> -   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Wormhole Settlement**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Settlement**
```

    ---

>     - Swap, bridge, and build across multiple chains 
>     - Chain-agnostic settlement system for wider asset adaptability
>     - English auction experience combining powerful protocols from Wormhole and Mayan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Leverages three protocols, providing flexibility and redundancy
    - Chain-agnostic to liquidity on chains, enabling broader chain support
    - English auction determines the winning solver for settlement
    - USDC as the shuttle asset for seamless cross-chain settlement
```

    [:custom-arrow: Learn about Settlement](/docs/learn/transfers/settlement/)

> 

Reviewer 2: so the way this works is there are 3 protocols - liquidity layer, mayan swift and mayan mctp - regardless of the protocol the auction is an English auction. from what I understood the user can set a preference on one protocol or use all of them depending on the case and liquidity available - also mayan mctp makes use of the liquidity layer and it functions like a redundancy layer for ll and swift - its like 3 protocols bundled in 1 suite so the user benefits from all 3 
- the differences between swift and ll comes from how they handle the auctions I think, swift lets users make permissioned hollow actions so no funds necessary but this whole thing is too detailed to get into it in the index page

I think what we should highlight here is
- settlement is agnostic to liquidity on chains -> more flexible to chain support
- benefit from 3 protocols 
- usdc is the shuttle asset (in the future ntt can be used also but not yet)

Author: I changed the copy up a bit. If this still isn't quite right, please suggest some alternative copy. Thanks!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Introduction to Wormhole**

    ---

    Learn more about the problems Wormhole solves, explore use cases, and view a list of supported blockchains. 

    [:custom-arrow: Introduction to Wormhole](/docs/learn/introduction/)

-   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Messaging Infrastructure**

    ---

    Investigate the messaging protocol architecture with an in-depth exploration of the individual components powering Wormhole's infrastructure.   

    [:custom-arrow: Understand Wormhole's infrastructure](/docs/learn/infrastructure/)

</div>

## Multichain Transfers

Wormhole transfer products offer multiple options to meet your project's needs. Which product is best for your use depends upon the asset transfer type you want to add to your dApp. 

### Wrapped Tokens

This method is likely familiar to you if you've previously built bridging projects. 

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :octicons-book-16:{ .lg .middle } **Token Bridge**

    ---

    - Use Wormhole deployed contracts to simplify development
    - Cross-chain token transfers through lock-and-mint-mechanism

>     - Option to include message payload for NFTs, social platforms, and more

Reviewer 2: we were asked to remove all mentions of NFTs some time ago, the option is still there but I think we shouldn't mention them - just write include message payloads
